Create CONTRIBUTING and some templates (#38)
target/data-validator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_check.md

---
name: New check
about: Suggest a new check
title: 'New check:'
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''

---

# What would you like to check?

<!-- Provide as much detail as you can about what precisely you want to check. -->

# What does the configuration look like?

<!-- 

> Provide an example of how you would like the configuration for the check to look. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide documentation of how you envision the configuration of the validator to function.  Please follow the style of other validators in the README, see https://github.com/target/data-validator#validators.
```
